hi guys I have some eggs I want to
handle today these are on day five these
are really dark eggs I've never had eggs
quite this dark I have brown a egg
layers but these are morons that lay the
chocolate eggs so I'm going to try
kindling I really hope they're fertile
because I'm looking forward to racing
some black copper mehran's that's what
these are and they're one of the rarest
chickens in America so that's fun
alright let's cut the lights out let's
see if we can see through these really
dark chocolate shells well I can tell
that this is fertile take this back but
I can tell because of this line here
that separates from the top from the
bottom indicating there's some growth I
cannot see spidery veins at all so that
I can tell because it's not all clear
but I can't see in very much detail
what's going on inside of the egg this
one is very dark and I can only see the
same thing now my room is not completely
pitch black because I have some heat
lamps in here for the chicks and ducks
okay
looks like the first six are fertile so
that is great names this looks like the
darkest egg of the bunch
it's fertile let's try the ones to the
left and right fertile so I can hardly
get out it's in there tight fertile and
you can barely tell you could barely see
anything these eggs are so dark hmm this
one doesn't look fertile to me but I'm
going to leave it in there a little bit
longer just to be sure since they are so
dark it's hard to tell but that lit that
eye looks funny anyway this one's
definitely fertile and a lot easier to
see so that's what we look for when we
can't see the veins is we just look for
you know the top and the bottom where
what is lighter and one is darker and
that's a good egg